Previously on Dexter...
Two treasure hunters
made a ghastly discovery today
when they stumbled
on what appears to be
an underwater graveyard
in a crevice off the coast of Miami.
Means there might be
a new mass murderer out there,
way worse than the lce-Truck Killer.
The "Bay Harbor Butcher"?
That's what the press is calling him.
The last thing Miami needs
is another serial killer.
1 3 and counting.
They're so swamped up there.
they had to bring in outside talent.
Frank Lundy?
The Green River Killer, the DC Sniper -
if the case was impossible. he broke it.
So, this is the man who
stands between me and death row.
With your help, we'll find
who did this awful thing.
So, let's get a jump-start
on the Bay Harbor Butcher.
With Doakes tailing me,
my life's been all Jekyll and no Hyde.
Paul kept insisting to me
that you knocked him over the head,
dragged him to his motel,
and shot him up with drugs.
l hit Paul to protect you and the kids.
Look, if there is anything left between us,
you will answer me this one question
and you will tell me the truth.
Are you an addict?
Yes, l have an addiction.
My name is Caroline.
l'm an addict.
Hi, Caroline.
l started taking pain pills
after my back surgery.
l don't need them for the pain any more.
Now l. . .
Now l just need them.
And I need duct tape - three or four roIIs.
Running low on heavy-duty trash bags.
When's the Iast time
l sharpened my knives?
. . .and l lost my license.
Tears now?
lt's very hard to concentrate in here.
How am l supposed to get any work done?
My husband says he's gonna
leave me if l don't stay sober.
But l have to do this for myself.
"'No self-control,
lost everything, trying to stop."'
Same whiny story
over and over for...
ten minutes, feels like ten hours.
. . .taking Lortabs and Darvocet
and Percocet
and anything l could get my hands on.
And even now. . .
l'd kill for a Vicodin.
Lightweight.
First l thought, "Narcotics Anonymous,
l don't belong here."
You guys are real addicts.
So, how was the meeting?
Tell me everything.
lt was interesting,
hearing the same story
over and over again.
- Knowing you're not alone.
- Exactly.
Did you get fortune cookies?
Only the ones with the good fortunes.
So, did you share or just listen?
l just wanted to take it all in
my first time out.
Think they forgot. . .
Ah, here they are. Spring rolls.
And what about a sponsor?
Did you find one?
l didn't want to rush into anything.
lt's an important relationship.
Absolutely.
OK, so, let's see your newcomer's chip.
Newcomer's chip.
Yeah. . .
You did stay until the end, didn't you?
Of course l did. Right to the end.
You're a terrible liar.
l know too much about
1 2-step programs
to be easily conned, Dexter.
l didn't stay till the end end,
if that's what you mean.
l had some important errands to run.
lmportant?
What? Am l important? Are the kids?
Yeah.
Yes, of course.
Well, you're just gonna have
to figure out how important,
because if you don't work the program -
and l mean really work it -
l just. . .
l can't go through this again.
All right, kids. Dinner.
How important are they?
I'm sure someone with a heart
could answer that question.
Tomorrow. l'll go tomorrow.
l'll stay.
- OK.
- OK?
OK.
Hold the elevator!
Thanks.
Nice dodge last night, flooring
it through that yellow light.
Oh. . .
Were you behind me?
See you tonight.
We will get to all of you.
OK, take their names
and keep them out of the bullpen
till we figure this out.
Sue MacMillan,
she disappeared four years ago.
Who are they?
Every family member of every
missing person for the last decade.
lncluding some sad.
and presumably single women,
courtesy of Lieutenant Pascal.
lt's not her fault.
That reporter's an asshole.
sergeant? Yeah.
hold the rest of them downstairs.
We're out of room here.
You seen Pascal?
You know, Pascal is just caught
in a cycle of reaction.
She's not co-creating
her own reality.
You know those words
don't mean anything?
Look around you, bro.
She's manifesting negativity.
lt's on again.
- Excuse me, Lieutenant?
- No comment.
We have reports
dozens of bodies were found
- in that underwater grave site.
- Not dozens.
The boss' sweater melons
look bigger on TV.
The operative word is "boss."
Show some respect.
Thought l was.
- One dozen? Two dozen?
- 1 8 or so. Excuse me.
- Have the families been notified?
- We're still trying to identify them.
lf viewers have information,
they should contact you?
Yes. Fine.
So, there you have it.
Police are seeking any leads
that can help them identify
the 1 8 faceless victims
of the Bay Harbor Butcher.
lf you have information, contact...
Pascal is definitely off her game.
Word is, her fiance is catching
some strange on the sly.
That'd do it.
The shit stops here. Give it to me.
Most of these people
won't find answers here.
Chances are good their loved ones
weren"t among my chosen few.
May l have
your attention, please?
First l want to tell you
what a great job you've all been doing
on this horrific case.
And with the help of
the best manhunter in the FBl,
we should have answers soon.
ln the meantime, the work of this precinct
must continue to serve the public,
so we'll be dividing up our resources.
Agent Lundy has requested
the following officers
for his joint task force.
Officer Cook. . .
- Lundy made me LFl.
- LFl?
Lead forensics investigator.
sorry you got boned.
but, hey, no blood spatter.
Sucks to be me.
Actually, it keeps me off Lundy's radar.
Sergeant Lee.
Detective Ramos. . . .
Officer Panko. . .
Detective Batista. . .
Yes!
l saw this happening.
And Officer Debra Morgan.
Those called will report
directly to Special Agent Lundy.
And let's not forget
this is on all of us, folks.
Let's keep our eyes
and our ears open.
The lce-Truck Killer was an amateur
compared to this guy.
l'd also appreciate it if your lieutenant
would consult with me
before speaking to the press.
l'll rip her a new one. . .
lf l can find her.
Prints, fiber, trace evidence -
no, they won't find anything.
l followed all of Harry's
painstaking preventative measures.
He knew that nothing
stays buried forever.
His code will protect me.
Still, l wish my own sister
weren't hunting me -
makes for an awkward family dynamic.
So, l'm a Fed. My suit proves it.
The other suits here are Feds.
But suit or. . .
ugly Hawaiian shirt -
no offence -
we're a team.
And our first play
is lDing those bodies.
Once we know who they are,
we'll fill in every detail of their lives,
from their huevos rancheros
to their creme brulee.
And get used to food references
'cause, well, l like food.
Vince Masuka and his team are gathering
DNA, prints, and dental records.
The rest of us will go through cold cases
and missing-persons files.
Also, l want that crowd
out there interviewed -
though most of them
will be a waste of time.
Negative thinking.
You four, move them out
as quickly as you can,
but be thorough.
lf we get even one hit, it'll be worth it.
Everyone else, work the files.
Remember, lDs will lead to a pattern,
which will lead to our man.
When the manhunt is on,
the hunted go shopping.
Not for a new car,
for my next project.
l won't act on it...yet.
l'm still laying low.
Harry would insist on that.
Just getting the research out of the way.
Someone talked his way
into the homes of two women
and didn't leave till they were dead.
Ann Cohen and, a month before her,
Lynn Hall.
A certain car dealership
ran credit checks on both women.
Both bought cars elsewhere,
so nobody thought about it twice.
But who requested those credit checks?
Roger Hicks.
AII I need is some DNA proof -
cup of coffee shouId do the trick.
How many kids you got?
Enough.
l hear you.
When my two came along.
it was bye-bye, convertible.
Of course. . .
they're worth it.
Must take after their mom.
That they do. Thank God.
l tell you, l miss my convertible,
but, truth -
- my minivan's got a much nicer ride.
- So you own one.
The same one you're looking at.
l mean, l know - whipped, right?
But my kids love the twin DVDs.
They're just crazy about Spongebob,
you know?
Actually, l do.
My wife loves the nav system
and all the safety features.
And when they're happy. . .
- You're happy.
- That's right.
Except the kids don't exist,
neither does the wife.
And he owns a Beamer, not a minivan.
Still, he"s seamless.
lmpressive.
lt's not flashy, but. . .
What did flash ever get me?
Pulled over, that's what.
l'm definitely not into flash.
You got to sit in the captain's chair.
lt's like a 747, man.
Manuel, hold up.
Thank you, sir.
So. . .
we should take it out,
check out the ride.
- l'm just doing research.
- OK, you don't want a big sales pitch.
l get that.
Let me at least pull the specs for you.
Because, truthfully,
we have a hard time
keeping these on the lot.
You might want to grab
the test-drive while it's here.
l think l have all the information l need
to make a decision.
Yeah? Well, then,
you've seen the, uh,
the Stow 'n Go seating system, right?
l have had everything in here. . .
from a soccer team
to a freakin' deer carcass.
lt was an accident, of course.
But l sure was glad
for the ample cargo space,
not to mention the tinted windows.
l can see how that might come in handy.
l'll just grab the keys.
l go to stalk a killer and l end up
with a new car? How'd that happen?
New car?
Yeah.
You gettin' married?
Not that l know of.
So, what's with the mommy mobile?
l'm. . .
not sure.
Synthetic.
Even Roger's hair is a lie.
l could learn a thing or two from this guy.
Who's your daddy?
Harry Morgan.
Dude, the lead forensics investigator
of the joint task force. that's who.
Oh, OK.
So, you want in on this bitch or not?
What bitch?
The only bitch in town, baby.
The Bay Harbor Butcher.
- l got you temporarily assigned.
- Vince, you didn't have to do that.
Nothing sexy, of course,
Just some bone-marrow
collection for DNA lDs.
But it'll get you in the tent.
And you got to see the tent.
Amazing.
Say it.
You're my daddy.
lt sounds weird when you say it.
l haven't been much use
since he disappeared.
l know l'm supposed to move on. . .
but. . .
Here's the picture of him.
He looks. . .
Not according to my mother. . .
or the police.
He was in and out of jail
but...my heart raced
whenever l saw him.
l brought his toothbrush.
They say you can get DNA off it.
You can find him with this, right?
Special Agent Lundy?
Look, thanks for choosing me
for the task force and all, but. . .
l'd appreciate you finding someone else.
You want off?
Just as soon as you can replace me, sir.
This is a chance to solve
a pretty important case.
Most people get into this
line of work to do just that.
Well, l've got cases of my own backing up,
and the precinct's
short-handed with all this shit.
So. . .if you don't mind. . .
l'll see what l can do.
ln the meantime, if you could
continue the interviews. . .
Yeah. Yeah, of course.
Thank you.
Most of 'em have been
underwater for years.
But some, it's awesome,
you can't even tell.
The temperature on the ocean floor
and the airtight bags kept them intact.
l mean, a little gelatinous
residue, sure. But. . .
l"d rather remember my
old playmates as they were -
neat, clean little packages.
Vince, l appreciate this favor but. . .
Actually, you're doing me the favor.
l need your help. buddy.
The pressure's fucking ridonkulous.
Glad to be of service.
Field morgue for the overflow
but it's state-of-the-art. Fucking FBl, eh?
A good percentage are just bones.
Must have fed the fish
when the bags tore.
Humpty fucking Dumpty, right?
Exactly.
They weren't meant to be
put together again.
They were meant to remain
in the silent shadows,
keeping their secrets.
Now they're exposed to the glare,
reflecting my darkness like
some grotesque carnival mirror.
Harry was right -
nothing stays buried.
Perhaps not even me.
Looking for my Taurus, Sergeant?
Keep looking.
You don't need to know
where l'm going tonight.
And genius me,
not only do l leave
my works in my girlfriend's car,
but also all the dead fish
from the fishing trip, right?
Then l collapse in her
parents' house, scare her kids,
and get myself fired, 'cause guess what -
we work together.
Yeah.
So, now. . .
well. . .
l'm 20 days sober. . .
hoping to make it to 21 .
Thanks, Gordon.
This meeting recognizes
lengths of sobriety with chips.
so. if there's anyone
who would like a newcomer's chip. . .
You've got three minutes
to share if you want it.
Oh, really?
Go ahead, man. You among friends.
Well, l. . .
What's your name?
- Bob.
- Hi, Bob.
Hi.
And l'm. . .
an addict.
l use. . .heroin. . .
shoot it.
lt's affecting my job.
My boss found my works.
He fired my ass.
But l showed him. l spent every penny
of my final paycheck on junk.
Doctor said l. . .
l almost died.
The coffee sucks. . .
as bad as the doughnuts.
lt's better next door. Come on.
Mmm. lt is good coffee. Thank you.
So, tell me. . .
Exactly how full of shit are you?
l'm not full of anything.
lt was a nice performance in there.
Where did you download it from,
addict.com?
Look, l have no reason to lie.
Sure you do.
We all do.
You thought l was lying?
l don't know. . . Bob.
Well, it is anonymous.
Everyone in that room
has heard or lived far worse
than anything you've ever done.
l doubt it.
Oh, so you're Super-Junkie.
l don't mean to imply that what you've
been through hasn't been difficult.
But there's no way
that l could know what
you've experienced, right?
l couldn't possibly feel that need.
Like a thousand hiding voices whispering,
"This is who you are."
And you fight the pressure,
the growing need rising like a wave,
prickling and teasing
and prodding to be fed.
But the whispering gets louder
until it's screaming, "Now! "
And it's the only voice you hear. . .
The only voice you want to hear.
And you belong to it. . .
to this. . .
shadow self.
To this. . .
Dark passenger.
Yes.
The dark passenger.
No.
l'm sorry, but. . . l need to go.
Thanks for the coffee.
She knows.
She recognizes demons...
dark passengers.
Maybe the others can, too.
This program is too risky,
especially now.
Rita wiII have to understand.
Hey. You just missed story time.
l was at a meeting.
Thank you.
lt made me realize
something important.
Oh, really? What's that?
Those meetings are not
a good place for me.
l know how this sounds,
but l can do this on my own.
Dexter, you need a program.
l've read studies. people are
ten times as likely to change on their own
as they are with the help
of doctors or programs.
So you're quoting studies?
Look, l lived this.
l watched Paul try and fail
with white-knuckle sobriety.
l'm not Paul.
l'm not any of those people.
Going to those meetings will do
more harm than good, l swear to you.
l'm better off alone.
l pray you change your mind.
What just happened?
Deb?
Thought you were staying at Rita's.
Taking the night off.
l thought you'd be on the treadmill.
With no money down, guaranteed,
or we'll make your first two payments...
A night off is good
to remember what's important.
Two women are dead,
the killer is selling minivans,
and l have an opportunity to prove it
even if l am laying low.
Having a victim prepped and ready
will take the edge off the wait...
l hope.
Hey, hang on just a second, OK?
- What's going on, Dex?
- Hey.
Any problems, the service centre
can take care of you,
but they're around the corner. . .
Actually, the minivan's fine.
l never sold a lemon in my life.
l'm just rethinking
the extended warranty.
l'll set you up with a warranty writer.
And l'm thinking roof rack
and premium sound system.
- Going all out.
- Yeah.
That's great, but l'm with a customer,
and so one of my associates. . .
l'd rather deal with you.
l'll wait in your office.
Outstanding.
DNA, DNA, come out and play.
Roger's got you in the box.
Once you're in the box.
you don't leave without a deal.
Don't worry. you're safe
with Roger, he's the best.
l'm just dropping off this thank-you note.
l was just leaving.
He sent you across the street, didn't he?
Across the street?
lt's OK, he told me not to tell anyone either.
l don't know how he makes a living,
sending his commissions to other dealers.
Maybe he has ulterior motives.
Or maybe he knows l can't afford his price.
After he ran a credit check?
TRW doesn't lie.
So, you're single?
Yeah.
Makes it tougher to afford those
big-ticket items, like cars and houses.
You rent an apartment?
House. l hate sharing walls.
You hear everything.
Tell me about it. No pets, though, right?
Yeah.
ls this a come-on?
'Cause it's a little weird.
Must be why l'm still single.
Another brunette.
Single, neighbors at a distance,
no guard dog.
The credit check gets Roger
all the details he needs.
She"s next, and l can"t do
anything about it -
not untiI this manhunt ends.
Harry would insist on it.
What? No, l'll take care of it.
l know the card is in his name.
l just want to check the charges.
Well, the supervisor l spoke with
this morning allowed it.
Yes. . . No. . .
Yeah, l'll hold. Yes?
Just a reminder that the Biscayne
drive-by warrant needs your approval.
l'll look at it.
And the homicide from last night
needs to be assigned.
Right, thanks.
Look. Esmee.
l know that things are rough
with you and your fiance right now,
and l'm sorry. really.
but we need to keep clearing
that board out there.
Yeah, you're right. l'm sorry.
l seem to have had
my head up my ass lately.
lt's called being human.
OK, who's up?
Samuels and Kent are up.
Put 'em on the liquor-store shooting.
And where is the Biscayne warrant?
Oh, right here.
Simms and Hoagie
want SWAT for entry.
lt's a good measure,
given the weapons charge.
Excuse me, l'm. . .
l'm gonna need a minute.
Just. . .
Just gonna need a minute.
Esmee?
- Esmee.
- Please, Maria.
l'll handle it.
Not taking my calls
and now you're checking
my credit card charges, Esmee?
Roger's DNA matches the semen
found at both crime scenes.
IrrefutabIe.
lf l do nothing, another woman dies.
ls that my long-dormant
conscience talking
or the dark passenger whispering?
Hi, it's me.
Hi, Dexter.
Kids home from school yet?
Colleen's bringing them home now.
l'm a. . .little confused.
l'm sorry you're confused.
l mean, it"s pizza night.
ShouId I pick up the usuaI?
Did you go back?
To a meeting. Thinking about it.
The kids and l will order in, then.
OK.
So. . .
is this it?
That's up to you, Dexter.
l want to know.
where is she, mi Teresita.
She's so young - seven year old.
You help me. l know you find her.
We'll do what we can.
Don't cry.
No Spanish.
Only English. Angel?
Just tell her we'll call her.
She thinks you can find the daughter.
Th. . .There are no kids down there.
Tell her l can't help her.
- she...
- l. . . l can't help you.
Morgan? Morgan!
lt's been 24 hours
since l asked to be replaced.
- Has it?
- What's taking so long?
Every cop on the damn force wants in
on this case. Just take your pick.
l've been wondering
about that, actually.
Everyone wants on, but you want off.
l told you, l have cases.
l don't think so.
Jesus, l just don't want to be
on your task force. all right?
Why?
Because l'm the last person
in the world that should be on it.
You want me to find a serial killer?
l was engaged to one, for Christ's sake.
What kind of cop. . . What kind of. . .
That's why l chose you, you know -
because of what you went through.
You survived.
l don't know how.
l can't begin to imagine
the strength it took -
continues to take.
More than that,
you got a first-hand look
into the mind and heart of a killer. . .
and you're still here.
lf you can accept that -
really accept it -
you could use it.
Mix that with some
of your strength, and. . .
you could catch someone even worse
than the lce-Truck Killer.
But you have to stop running.
Finish today's interviews.
Then, if you still want out, you got it.
Lead fucking investigator.
Translation - everyone's bitch.
l do have a life, you know.
You do?
Just give me your
bone-marrow DNA results.
No matches.
Big surprise.
Do me a favor
on your way out, will you?
Drop these dental X-rays
at the field morgue for me?
Tech should still be there.
Fucking Bay Harbor Butcher
is butchering my online social life.
Sorry.
Next.
l figured you'd still be here.
You were a pain in the ass
but always a damn hard worker.
And, of course, you knew
how to handle the press.
Come here a minute.
The public needs to believe
we can protect them,
or all hell breaks loose,
so l need all my people
operating at their very highest levels.
l agree.
Should l be worried about Pascal?
Pascal?
Why?
You can cut the crap, Maria.
l know she's been AWOL
on personal matters.
The press fuck-up is huge,
And now l'm beginning to hear
rumors about erratic behavior.
And you're asking me because. . .
Because you've done the job.
So if she's out,
that means you're back in.
That makes you her harshest critic,
and l want it straight.
So. . .
Take your shot, Maria.
You know what "erratic" means?
lt's code for "non-male"
and it's the same bullshit
sexism l put up with
when l was in charge.
l won't dignify rumors, Captain.
Pascal's fine.
Minivan's that way.
Field morgue's this way.
l'll wait.
You should take the night off, Sergeant.
On pizza night?
No way.
What does she see
in a freak show like you anyway?
You have to ask her.
Maybe l will.
What exactly is it you think l've done?
l know you're connected
to the lce-Truck Killer.
Could you be more vague?
l know you're too careful.
You keep your assets in cash.
You don't belong to any
organizations or alumni groups.
You were top of your class in med school
but you traded it for fucking blood spatter.
l know you studied martial arts in college
but l don't know what a lab geek
needs with advanced jujitsu.
Do you know what an easy credit is?
l know you're a good liar, too.
Not good enough.
Sergeant Doakes
thinks he knows my secrets
but he only needs to look at this,
my body of work,
to know the reaI me.
Suit up if you're gonna touch. . .
No, l'm just. . .
dropping off some X-rays.
l'm Dexter Morgan.
l know who you are.
Right.
Looks like the lab tech's
gone home for the night, so l'll just. . .
You hoping they'll talk to you?
The ones with heads, anyway.
They always speak. . . Eventually.
Just got to ask the right question.
Which is?
"Why were they chosen?"
You looking for a pattern?
One doesn't kill this many people
in this careful, methodical way
without a reason. . .
Some. . .
twisted set of principles.
Yeah. they would have
to be twisted, wouldn't they?
The worst killers in history are the ones
who think the murders were somehow. . .
just. even deserved.
Leaders have slaughtered
whole populations
for the same warped reason.
But there's never
any justification for killing.
No.
Well, one, of course.
To save an innocent life.
How many more bodies would there be
had I not stopped those kiIIers?
I didn't do it to save Iives...
but save Iives I did.
Motivation aside, l think Harry and Lundy
would agree on this one.
- Roger the artful dodger.
- Jesus Chr. . .
You scared me, bro.
We have some unfinished business.
Oh, yeah, right, the warranty and stuff.
l can't write you up right now.
l got the wife waiting for me.
- You're not married.
- Ex-wife. l got to take the kids.
- You don't have kids.
- Stepkids, they're hers.
- Nope.
- OK, how about this one?
l don't give a shit.
Neither do l.
You were right about
the ample cargo space.
Where am l?
Looks different under plastic,
but you spent an evening here. . .
with Ann Cohen.
You took her last breath
from her right over there.
- You remember?
- No.
You're. . .you're wrong. l wouldn't.
You would and you did
and you were about to do it again.
That's why we're here.
No, this is crazy.
You got the wrong guy. l. . .
l sell cars, for God's sake.
l've never hurt anyone.
Definitely not a woman.
Why can't l do that?
Do what?
Lie like that.
l mean, l thought l was good,
but you, it's. . .mwah.
l don't lie.
OK, that one was weak.
OK, look. . .any car on the lot, it's yours.
T-bird, Town Car, you name it - yours free.
- l'll call it in right now.
- Lot's closed.
l'll have them open it up.
l'm the manager.
The manager's name is Rick Buxton.
Yeah, but l've been there
longer than he has.
- You've been there three months.
- At the other lot.
lt's like watching someone ski moguls.
You just hop from one lie to the next -
No shame, no embarrassment.
You just don't give a shit.
That's the key, right?
Not to care about anyone or. . .anything.
l care.
l care a lot.
No, it was a compliment.
- l don't care, either.
- Yes, you do.
Like about your wife.
Not married.
Girlfriend, then.
l saw it the minute
you walked on the lot.
What did you see? Tell me.
Look, most guys your age,
they beeline...
Right for the horsepower -
you know, something flashy, sexy.
But you,
you're there all alone.
no one there to nag you,
and you don't even glance
at the coupes.
The only thing you look at
is the minivan.
like you can see her
in the passenger's seat
and the kids in the back.
- Leave the kids out.
- See?
You're lying to yourself
if you think you don't care.
She's just a companion, really.
Started that way, anyway.
Someone who. . .
looked good, normal.
They worm their way in.
Yeah, they do.
Then they shut you out.
That's what this is about?
That. . .she shut you out?
Oh. Man, OK, l get it. l. . .
l've been there.
But you can't let her get to you like this
'cause they're all the same,
fucking bitches.
You do everything for them,
and then they fuck you.
She's not worth it, all right?
You're better off without that cunt.
Don't. . .
talk that way about my girlfriend.
l"m Dexter,
and I'm not sure what I am.
Hi, Dexter.
l just know there's something dark in me. . .
and l hide it.
l certainly don't talk about it. . .
but it's there. . .
always.
This dark passenger.
And when he's driving, l feel. . .
alive. . .
half sick with the thrill.
the complete wrongness.
l don't fight him.
l don't want to.
He's all l've got.
Nothing else could love me, not even. . .
especially not me.
Or is that just a lie
the dark passenger tells me?
Because lately there are
these moments when l feel. . .
connected to something else -
someone.
lt's like. . .
the mask is slipping. . .
and things. . .
people. . .
who never mattered before
are suddenly starting to matter.
lt scares the hell out of me.
Hello. . .
Dexter.
That's all the time
we have for sharing.
Would someone lead us
in the serenity prayer?
Lila.
l knew there was something wrong with you.
The secrets, the sneaking around. . .
now it all makes sense.
God grant me
serenity to accept. . .
A lot of cops
have been where you are.
The booze, the drugs. . .
Makes the job go down easier.
Stay clean and stay out of my way,
we won't have a problem.
Oh, and you owe me a new Michelin,
you motherfucker.
l have all your forms,
so we'll do what we can
to bring your dad home.
l'm sorry. You don't understand.
l don't want him home.
Just tell me he's dead.
We need to know he's gone.
Right, you want closure.
l want peace.
He made our lives a living hell.
When he'd go to prison,
it was a blessing. but...
you kept letting him out.
l need to tell my mother, my sister,
that they're safe
and that he's rotting in hell.
Call me when you can tell me that.
Lundy, wait.
l think... l mean.
it could be a coincidence -
but there are two of them.
- Two...
- Missing people with records. . .
prison records.
lnteresting.
And who typically has a prison record?
l don't know.
Bad guys?
Bad guys.
- Do you think it could be a. . .
- A pattern? Maybe.
We'll run all the victims' DNA
against the criminal database.
DC lab is still open.
Come on. Let's get to work.
Dexter, what?
You were right.
l'm sorry to wake you up,
but l had to let you know
that you were right.
About what?
The program.
lt's. . .
lt's good. lt's really good.
l. . .am always so in my head.
But this, it was. . .
good.
ln fact, it's already helped me a lot.
Thank you.
Oh, l do love this car.
Yeah, l thought you might.
So, l will pick you up in an hour.
We'll go someplace nice for lunch.
Oh, there's my sponsor.
Really? Where?
The guy in the blue shirt?
No, next to him. Lila.
- Bye.
l'm back.